Controller & Keyboard UI Prompts (#54)
Calinou/awesome-gamedev: README.md

* [Tango Icon Library][300] - An icon set project with a goal to create a
  consistent user interface. Public domain.

### UI Prompts / Glyphs ###

> * [Controller & Kerboard Prompts](https://thoseawesomeguys.com/prompts/) - UI Prompts for Keyboard and Mouse, and most controllers (Playstation, Xbox, SteamDeck, Wii, etc...). [CC0][289].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Controller & Keyboard Prompts](https://thoseawesomeguys.com/prompts/) - UI Prompts for Keyboard and Mouse, and most controllers (PlayStation, Xbox, Steam Deck, Wii, etc...). [CC0][289].
```
